Contract walkthrough and basic structure (#5)
onflow/band-oracle-contracts: README.md

# Band Oracle Contract

> A smart contract for enabling the Band Protocol relay system to keep crypto and fiat
> currency prices updated #onFlow

Reviewer: So interestingly while the current focus is on financial price data feeds from the oracle, in future one could send any arbitrary key/value pairs of data through an oracle. The main criteria determining whether it makes sense to use an oracle to provide a given type of data is that it's:

* Time sensitive, thereby warranting low latency delivery
* Data provenance needs to be authoritatively proved for consumers by validators
* Data is temporal in nature

Given that, in the long term one could imagine oracles feeding much more than just pricing data. One example I came up with was regional/global emergency alerts. Doesn't have financial value but sure is valuable to people and meets the other above criteria. 

I'm not saying we design the interfaces to this to be general purpose but at the same time I would want to ensure there's flexibility to get to these other use-cases in future and that the whole system isn't so totally tied to financial data. Maybe we solve with a whole new contract, not sure. 

```suggestion
The Cadence smart contract(s) enabling Flow native integration of the Band Protocol oracle network. The oracle network will provide price updates for crypto, fiat and commodities financial data for consumption by Flow applications. 

To learn more about Band Protocol please refer to: https://faq.bandprotocol.com/
```

Author: Well the relay structure will be the same, we will only need new functions that accepts those kind of data rather than `RefData`structs

## How it works?

> The contract keeps a record of symbols and it's related market data 
> that can be updated only by authorized parties and that can be queried
> via script by any user of the Flow blockchain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The contract keeps a record of symbols and the corresponding financial price data for them. While financial data are only updated by authorized BandChain relayers, they can be queried via a script by any user or application on the Flow blockchain.
```

### Storing the data
Market for each symbol is stored on a dictionary as a contract level field `access(contract) let symbolsRefData: {String: RefData}`. The `RefData` structs stores the following information: 
```cadence
    pub struct RefData {
        // USD-rate, multiplied by 1e9.
        pub var rate: UInt64
        // UNIX epoch when data is last resolved. 
        pub var timestamp: UInt64
        // BandChain request identifier for this data.
        pub var requestID: UInt64
    }
```

> This struct allows users to know when was the latest rate received and the oracle to discard updates from any relayer that are not up to date. Keep in mind that all data is stored by its USD-rate, and calculated in any other currency based on that.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This struct provides the caller with the data received from the oracle network for the symbol in question. Keep in mind that all data is normalized and stored using a USD conversion rate, meaning that conversions into other symbols will derive from that.
```

### Updating the data

> The account where the contract is deployed will be granted with a `OracleAdmin` resource. This resource could be use to create `DataUpdater` resources and publishing a `{&RelayUpdate}` capability to them. An authorized account can claim said capability at the time of creating a `Relay` resource. This resource will grant the ability to call the `updateData` method that will call contract function `access(contract) fun updateRefData (symbolsRates: {String: UInt64}, resolveTime: UInt64, requestID: UInt64)` that will finally update the `symbolsRefData` dictionary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The account where the contract is deployed will be granted an `OracleAdmin` resource. This resource can create `DataUpdater` resources and publish a `{&RelayUpdate}` capability to them. An authorized account - belonging to a relayer - can claim said capability at the time of creating a `Relay` resource. This resource will grant the ability to call the `updateData` method that will call contract function `access(contract) fun updateRefData (symbolsRates: {String: UInt64}, resolveTime: UInt64, requestID: UInt64)` which in turn updates the `symbolsRefData` dictionary.
```

Author: Actually writing the transaction I realise that the capability will actually be published on a tx, or we will need to fall into the anti-pattern an `AuthAccount` resource as a parameter to a function (which I'm actually not horrified about). Will commit this and update it depending on how the code finally looks

### Querying the data

> By calling the public function `pub fun getReferenceData (baseSymbol: String, quoteSymbol: String): RefData?` any Smart Contract or script would be able to get the price of a `quoteSymbol` in the `baseSymbol` currency. If there are none registries for either the base or quote symbol, the function will return `nil`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When invoking the public function `pub fun getReferenceData (baseSymbol: String, quoteSymbol: String): RefData?` calling contracts or scripts would be provided the price corresponding to `quoteSymbol` in the `baseSymbol` currency. If there are no entries registered for either the base or quote symbols the function will return `nil`.
```
